Update csharp.md to indicate ConnectAsync is deprecated (#3866)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Guides/Client SDKs/csharp.md

var agones = new AgonesSDK();
```

{{% feature expiryVersion="1.42.0" %}}
### Connection

> To connect to the SDK server, either locally or when running on Agones, run the `ConnectAsync()` method.
> This will wait for up to 30 seconds if the SDK server has not yet started and the connection cannot be made,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> and will return `false` if there was an issue connecting. This is an obsolete function that now always returns true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ConnectAsync()` method is an obsolete function that now always returns true.
```

```

## Remarks
{{% feature expiryVersion="1.42.0" %}}
- All requests other than `ConnectAsync` will wait for up to 15 seconds before giving up, time to wait can also be set in the constructor.

> {{% /feature %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% /feature %}}
{{% feature publishVersion="1.42.0" %}}
- All requests will wait for up to 15 seconds before giving up. Time to wait can also be set in the constructor.
{{% /feature %}}
```
